Huge Showcase
=========

A repo to house documentation and examples for all our internal components

  - Come up with an awesome idea
  - Code said idea
  - Show it off in the Huge Showcase
  - Lean back with a sense of smug self satisfaction

TODO
----

- Get off compass so you can run vanilla Jekyll with no plugins
- Make a general post generator
- Get off bootstrap
- watch flag in jekyll is extremely slow
- Set up workflow to actually pull components from internal huge bower repo
- Junk this and move to wintergreen.io?

Version
----

1.0

Tech
-----------

Huge showcase makes use of a number of technologies:

* [Jekyll] - awesome static blogging


Installation
--------------

### Quick Version

```sh
bundle install
bower install
jekyll serve
```

If that worked, great, you're in business, otherwise you've gotta do some more stuff.

### Before we get started

#### Homebrew

Do you not have [homebrew] yet? Why not? Go get it before we get started. Also if you do have homebrew make sure to go ahead and run 

```sh
$ brew doctor
```

Before we get started to make sure everything is on the up and up.

#### Rvm

Okay, unfortunately this project is going to require ruby which can get nasty. To be safe we're going to go ahead and use [rvm] to ensure we have a walled off version of ruby that's >=1.9.2 and won't be affected by OSX updates or other packages.

```sh
$ \curl -sSL https://get.rvm.io | bash -s stable --ruby
```

***
HERE BE DRAGONS
***
Some people *cough* Tim *cough* have had isues with rvm, if for some reason this explodes give the non-gcc version of the install a go

```sh
$ rvm install 1.9.3 --with-gcc=clang
```

After all that is done, we're going to need the bundler gem

```sh
$ gem install bundler
```

### Okay, now we're ready

```sh
$ git clone ssh://git@stash.hugeinc.com:7999/bower/huge.showcase.git
$ cd huge.showcase
$ bundle install
$ bower install
```

### Everything good? Great, let's go

```sh
$ jekyll serve -w
```

### Generating posts


#### To generate a post

Right now, just clone an existing post and work off that (sorry).

Directory Structure
----------------------

- _data: config files (don't touch me)
- _includes: global includes for templates (i.e. header / footer)
- _layouts: layouts types for different posts ( full screen / widget / sass)
- _posts: Directory that holds html pages to be displayed on showcase 
	- YOUR STUFF GOES HERE
- _sass: all scss that needs to be compiled for the related post page goes here
- _site: autogenerated webtree built by jekyll (don't touch me)
- bower_components: components pulled from bower (non-huge)
- components: components pulled from internal huge bower 
	- not currently happening but will eventually


License
----

MIT


**Free Software, Hell Yeah!**

[Jekyll]:http://jekyllrb.com/
[Yeoman]:http://yeoman.io/
[rvm]:http://rvm.io/
[homebrew]:http://brew.sh
    

